cabal run -- new
cabal run -- new
cabal run -- new Something
cabal run
cargo
cargo
cabal run
cabal run
cabal run -- new
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
ls
cabal run -- new Derp
dist/build/fsade/fsade
dist/build/fsade/fsade new Derp
dist/build/fsade/fsade new
dist/build/fsade/fsade new
cabal run
dist/build/fsade/fsade new
cargo
cargo
cabal run
dist/build/fsade/fsade new
dist/build/fsade/fsade new Derp
rm -rf Derp
dist/build/fsade/fsade new Derp
rm -rf Derp
rm -rf Derp
cabal run
dist/build/fsade/fsade new Derp
ls
rm -rf Derp
cabal run
cabal run -- new Derp
rm -rf Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
clear
clear
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
rm -rf Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
rm -rf Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
rm -rf Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
ls
xbuild
xbuild
cd ..
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
ls
nano
ls
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cd ..
cd Derp
ls
cd ..
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
cabal run -- new Derp
hlint
